Do a write up for the followings:? 
1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 
	HTTP2 is binary, instead of textual
	HTTP2 is fully multiplexed, instead of ordered and blocking
	HTTP2 can, therefore, use one connection for parallelism
	HTP2 uses header compression to reduce overhead
	HTTP2 allows servers to “push” responses proactively into client caches
	HTTP2 is secured by default.
	HTTP2 refresh rate is faster than HTTP1.1
	

2. http version history 
HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol) is the underlying protocol of the World Wide Web. Developed by Tim Berners-Lee and his team between 1989-1991, HTTP has seen many changes, keeping most of the simplicity and further shaping its flexibility.
	HTTP/0.9 – The one-line protocol - 1991
	HTTP/1.0 – Building extensibility - 1991-1995 period
	HTTP/1.1 – The standardized protocol - 1997
	HTTP/2 – A protocol for greater performance - 2016

3. List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) vs Nodejs 

In browser “window” is a predefined global object which has functions and attributes, where as Nodejs doesn’t have it.
In browser “location” is another predefined object, where as Nodejs doesn’t have it.
In browser “require” is not predefined object, where as Nodejs has it.
In browser module is not required, where as in Nodejs you have to keep your code inside the module.
In browser “document” is a predefined object, where as Nodejs doesn’t have it.

4. what happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?

	1.Browser checks cache for DNS entry to find the corresponding IP address of website.
	  It looks for following cache. If not found in one, then continues checking to the next until found.
		Browser Cache
		Operating Systems Cache
		Router Cache
		ISP Cache
	2.If not found in cache, ISP’s (Internet Service Provider) DNS server initiates a DNS query to find IP address of server that hosts the domain name.
	  The requests are sent using small data packets that contain information content of request and IP address it is destined for.
	3.Browser initiates a TCP (Transfer Control Protocol) connection with the server using synchronize(SYN) and acknowledge(ACK) messages.
	4.Browser sends an HTTP request to the web server. GET or POST request.
	5.Server on the host computer handles that request and sends back a response. It assembles a response in some format like JSON, XML and HTML.
	6.Server sends out an HTTP response along with the status of response.
	7.Browser displays HTML content